ITT: Films you would like to see turned into vidya

They suck cock


Damn, that would be a great open world game. Scavenge the post-apocalyptic landscape while the main storyline plays out in the backgronud.



shes been hot for the past 2 decades, where the fuck have you been?

just her eyes are too close together and it bothers me.
Filename thread!

You can still stop it friend. Cut back on the vidya. Start lifting and running. Go out more.

Or you can shun "normalfags" like the rest of the people in this thread. Pretending you don't care, but deep down we all know it's not the case.




My reaction to this transcends imagery, but I will try.

Holy shit are you one of those mouthbreathers who forgot to grow up after high school?



Not only did I not feel that way, but I would come up with excuses not to date or go to parties. Being with people and women that don't share your interests and temperament is a pain in the ass and short lived. I waited until I found people I really clicked with and I have 2 great friends and a 7 year long marriage I'm very happy with. I still don't go out much and never did beyond what I had to do to get money.
Anyone else looking forward to this?

yes they did.
in /d2g/ there was a whole wave of buttmad because people got their whole inventory removed and trade banned

Oh right, fuck me. Diretide was that mode with pumpkin at ancients...i mixed that up.
Still, this mode was also exploited as hell hence no Diretide this year.

Lel, you got trolled son. No gifts were removed...or i was just lucky and slipped under the radar?! I had like 200 Nice Gifts.
it was replaced with hold out..
IIRC it was a horde mode with zombies and shit

finally, Sven can be good for something

Who's the best Fallout companion /v/?

Everyone can see me?
What?

fuck off retard

Smarten up, moron. Kroni doesn't want friends. He wants something to fill up his big black hole where his heart should be only to spit whatever it gobbled up, out when he grows tired.


It's like you enjoy perpetuating violence.


You mean like I can save them and shit? I wanna make the game feel like this movie, like real dangerous and shit.
Y'all ready to witness the end of the masturrace morons?

http://www.gamespot.com/articles/cy



I meant lead platform development, m8, not dumbing down the experience for consoles and PCs at the same time.

Do we browse the same /v/?

I know most PC gamers don't care as long as games get a good PC version, but /v/ has a civil war whenever a game ends up either PC exclusive or console exclusive.

Actually, before Pong, was Tennis for Two. A game developed on the computer for the computer.

If not for the developer throwing out the idea of video games on a PC, there would be no consoles.
only console children owning one platform give a shit about exclusives.
" Anon, your CV lists VIDEO GAMES as a hobby?"

not the same guy but any chance you could take a look at mine?


you realise they do thorough background checks right bro

Even if it's not real. Someone actually went through the effort of making this, even if it was a joke, the guy has autism.

into the trash ect ect
That's obviously not my CV then. My hobby is browsing /v/.
*** Notice to Mods - Request Sticky ***

Bro's listen up. I have been lurking around for a good few months and it has dawned on me that we have all been missing out on a golden opportunity. Due to the mischievous nature of the anons that frequent this board, it seems that collectively, we could form one of the Internets, even the worlds, biggest organized pranking clans.

Think about it. Think about the sheer numbers that come where and how we can utilize these members to participate in some epic pranks.

It is because of this, I have formed the official group and set up a website that I hope to affiliate with 4Chan. ( Moot if you are reading, contact me via website, we'll sort something out )
The website is named after our official group name..

theumadbrahcrew.co.uk

Come and sign up and and be part of the biggest pranking network on the planet.

I am JoshyD and I am the leader. Come and say hello and be part of......



Link me nigga


You're just mad you can get 7's.

The containment is working
lol i joined who we gonna troll first?


I had one but her parents were catching on and I wasn't sure if she could keep her mouth shut so I killed her and tossed her body in the swamp



Wait, you had a daughter and she's grown up now?

What the fuck are you doing on 4chan?

I had a daughter and she's dead. That's a lot of why I came back here. Got nobody in real life to talk to anymore so I let 4chan become my family again.


Post em
/v/ i want to marry a store clerk i met today what do i do?

She isn't even hot or anything just cute.

Seriously nintendo, get fucked. They're basically admitting that this game is for 13 year old retards.

Because it sucks.

So you loved one good thing and one shitty thing? Not that sprites are shitty: just Pokémon sprites.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbX
Fox and grapes.


There's nothing wrong with Pokemon sprites when you don't zoom in on them like a retard.

One of the reasons I hated B/W.
Show me your Vidya feels, /v/

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRMU


le primal emotion feels









LOL




Isnt MonHun a much more brutal Pokemon?

ITT we poorly describe games in greentext and the others try to figure out what game it is




i'll start

























jes

Kojima World Order 3: WOOOOOOW WHY CANT I LOOK DOWN MY SCOPE
Just finished the devil hunter campaign.

Should i use dante or nero for bloody palace?

I like nero because his buster grab allows me to chain combos without having to chase enemies around everytime i knock them away.

Any tips for dante is appreciated, i cant seem to make effective use of his styles.


i havent touched it


They were designed by Atlus, they had a small collaboration thing going on. I shared your opinion at first but they grew on me, especially Vergil's. Dante's look better when he's using other devil arms.



Love this game.

B-but it's Kanecow




But DMC1 had that too.

I haven't played it since then, and I was like 10 at the time. I honestly can't say why I liked it, probably because I was unfamiliar with that kind of game so I just thought the whole idea was cool.
I just finished Last Window Secret of Cape West.
It was a masterpiece, from beginning to end, I never saw anything coming except
Probably one of the best games I ever played (or read ) this and Hotel Dusk.

Now that I finished it, I finaly understand all this frustration about Cing being closed.
I am angry too...

I've been thinking about reading Another Code, should I expect the same as Hotel Dusk or Last window?
no idea?
I guess I'll just give it a try myself.
It's a fucking crime to be sure OP. Even worse that those fucks over at NOA refused to bring Last Window over to this side of the pond. Thank God the DS isn't region locked so I was able to just import fom Britbongland. Now I know how PALbros used to feel...

they would have lost even more money if they localized it there.
The game just wasn't known enough.

I'm still amazed at the fact it's a "japanese" game.
Am I wrong if I say that japan's tendencies aren't into this type of game?

it's a miracle we had one sequel and so well done.
I just wish Nintendo could give them a push before they closed...


How are you going to deal with her, /v/?
Fuck it, clearly.
